Add size limit for HelmBroker storage (#5061)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/helm-broker/03-01-create-addons.md

```

> **NOTE:** All file names in an addon repository are case-sensitive.

> > **NOTE:** Maximum size of an single Addon cannot exceed 2GB - this limit is set in the Helm Broker chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

>**NOTE:** The maximum size of a single addon cannot exceed 2GB. This limit is set in the [Helm Broker chart](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/helm-broker/#configuration-helm-broker-chart).
```

> **NOTE:** All file names in an addon repository are case-sensitive.

> > **NOTE:** The maximum size of an Addon is determined by amount of memory and storage size. These limits are set in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** The maximum size of an addon is determined by the amount of memory and storage size. These limits are set in the 
```
